How are you, miss?
Miss, wait for me.
I'll be out right away hahaha
even
I will never maintain it with you
Sister Qiao, is this a couple? Does it take so long?
It's all our people outside
What do you want to do?
I suggest you give up this idea.
My stomach hurts.
I'll be right out
Can you wait for me?
Intelligence is so high
In case of an accident, it will fall 13 meters.
Whatever.
How are you, Miss Chen?
Mullin, I have a problem
Can you help me?
The president is not good.
Miss Qiao escaped through the window
What? This is the third floor?
This woman is dying, send someone to find it
temporarily
No hotel check-in records for Miss Qiao were found
This is France.
He doesn't speak french
If it goes to the police, it will be broken.
It's dangerous to love you alone outside
Be right back
Are you dying?
This is Paris.
Not Kyoto
You can meet gangsters anytime
Be obedient and stop fooling around
If you don't want to go to Switzerland
I allow you not to go
Come back soon